---
layout: post
title:  "GSoC 2015: Goodbye GSoC"
date:   2015-08-16 15:04:29
categories: jekyll update
---

Hello again. :)


This is the last blog in my GSoC this year the experience has been really really tough -Think twice about participating!-
but finally came to an end.

It has been a nice exposure to working in real world scenarios and writing **LOTS** of code.. I mean LOTS!
the code I wrote this summer is like 10x the code I have written in college!

But overall it helped me figure out a lot of things I want to do with my life. It showed me that I like mobile development,
and ALSO that mobile development scene right now isn't perfect at all and my very next step will probably be exploring
other solutions that people worrying about that scene are making like React Native by Facebook.

Ah, The App? :D

The app is now in a very very very good shape right now, the xforms implementation is done and waiting for feedback form
users about it, I have replaced Loading indicators with blocking ones which I thought shall be done for a while but never
got the time to, now I'm in the process of finishing the app to release and hope that one will go smoothly :)

Here's a link to a demo of submitting the app on the iOS client: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCDIVFisKX4&feature=youtu.be

Last but not least If you are reading this and found anything interesting. I want to point out that I will continue to
add blogs to this post after a long deserved break and hope you will find those one interesting too.

